{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf420
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-BoldOblique;\f1\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Oblique;\f2\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;
\f3\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww9000\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\i\b\fs48 \cf0 Atlantis\

\f1\b0\fs32 Public Beta
\f2\i0\fs24 \
\

\f3\b Introduction
\f2\b0 \
\
Atlantis is, as you know, a MU* client for Mac OS X.  It is also a beta project, which means there may be a few quirks!  And, unfortunately, there's no real documentation to speak of yet (though the very bare bones beginnings of documentation does exist).\
\

\f3\b The Web Forums\
\

\f2\b0 Support for Atlantis during the public beta (and afterwards, likely) is provided at the Riverdark web forums, which can be found at http://www.riverdark.net/board/ -- go there and sign up to post questions or read through other earlier posts.\
\

\f3\b Starting Up
\f2\b0 \
\
When you first start Atlantis, it should create some sane, standard defaults.  However, you will want to change these to suit your tastes.\
\
The first thing you should do upon running Atlantis is go and edit the global formatting.  From the 'Atlantis' menu, pick 'Preferences...' and you should get a preference screen.  Go select 'Global Defaults,' and you will see a number of tabs.  One of them will be Formatting, which will let you set your default ANSI colors, and the default font, and a few other things.\
\
When this has been tuned to your satisfaction, you will want to close the Globals window and open the Address Book.  Go to the World menu, pick 'Address Book...' and you should see it with several predefined worlds, including OGR.\
\
I will, eventually, expand this into a real 'getting started' readme, as well as finishing out the real documentation.  But I am not good at writing manuals.  Volunteer help is welcomed!}